We just created a secret and assigned it to our pod.
So we're now going to open up the code tied to that container and make sure that we refer to the environment
variable that we just set inside there of JWT underscore key.
So I'm going to go back into my directory.
I'll find CRC routes, sign updates.
So here's our sign up route.
HANDLER Specifically where we are creating our JSON Web token, again, we've got a hardcoded string
inside of here right now.
So we don't want to have this hard coded, very critical piece of information side of here.
Instead, we want to try to reference it from our environment variables to access an environment variable
with Node.js.
We do process E and V and then the name of the variable, which in our case is JWT underscore key.
As soon as we add that in, we're going to get an error.
So this is coming from TypeScript if we hover over it.
TypeScript thinks that this environment variable JWT underscore key has type string or undefined.
The reason for this is that TypeScript is never going to assume that a environment variable is defined.
It is entirely possible that we are going to run our application completely forgetting to define that
environment variable.
And so TypeScript wants us to account for that inside of our code.
Usually what we'll do is maybe add a little bit of a check before we could say if not process EMV dot
JWT key.
Then throw a new air.
Or something similar to that.
As soon as we add in this little type card right here that's going to capture the case in which JWT
key is equal to undefined.
So if we get past that, if statement type script knows that down here now this thing must be defined
because we just checked to see if it was defined a moment ago.
You'll notice that now it says, Hey, this is a string.
Now, the only downside to this is that we could possibly be throwing an air inside of a route handler,
and that will only start to arise once we deploy our application.
Ideally, we would capture the case in which our environment variables are not defined when we first
start up our app.
So if we need an environment variable to get our code working correctly and it's not defined, we should
throw an error at the instance.
Our application starts up so that we know immediately, once we do our deployment, that there's something
wrong rather than trying to capture that error way on down the line when our application is actually
been running possibly for some amount of time.
So rather than doing the check right there, I'm going to delete that and I'm going to go back to my
index file.
So here's indexed.
I'm going to go down.
To our start function.
And before we even attempt to connect to our MongoDB instance, I'm going to add in a check to make
sure that that environment variable actually is defined.
So I'll say if not process and v jwt underscore key.
So if that thing is not defined, then I'll throw a new error and say JWT must be defined.
So now if there's ever a scenario where I forget to do this and somehow get past the check of that secret
or something like that, it's entirely possible, to be honest, we could completely forget to add in
this section right here.
If we forgot to add that in, then if this secret didn't exist or whatever else, we would still create
this pod without an issue.
So if for some reason we forget to do that, then we'll capture it right here.
And we'll start to throw an error, which we will detect immediately when we start to deploy our code.
So I'm going to leave this cheque right here.
I'm going to save this file.
And if I go back over to sign up, yes.
I still have the same error I had before.
So that little type card that we had only works correctly with TypeScript if we do that check right
before we try to access that environment variable.
However, we're now at a point where I personally feel pretty darn confident that if I actually started
up my application, I already did a check to see if this thing is defined.
So personally, I think TypeScript is in the wrong here.
I think TypeScript is being a little bit too cautious just because it doesn't know that I already did
that check when our application first started up.
So to make TypeScript happy here, we can just add in an exclamation right after JWT, that exclamation
says, Hey, TypeScript, don't worry, we already check this thing.
We know 100% that this environment variable is defined.
So that looks pretty good.
Let's save this.
I'm going to go back over to my terminal and just make sure I don't have any errors during startup.
We would have an error if for some reason we had forgotten to load up that environment variable or set
it inside the container.
Looks like everything is good.
So let's go back over to Postman and try to sign up once again.
At Postman.
I'm going to enter in another unique email address.
I'll send it.
And looks good.
There's my response or there's my cookie and I've still got my response on here.
All right.
Well, that is pretty much it for our initial authentication setup.
We've gone through this very long process of discussing all the pros and cons of handling authentication.
We took a look at JSON Web tokens versus cookies.
We touched on Kubernetes a little bit.
I think we're at a pretty good spot.
So let's take a pause right here and continue in just a moment.